Add note about MS Edge requirements (#3503)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/user-help/enroll-device-linux.md

## Enroll device  
Follow these steps to register your personal Linux device on your organization's network.  

> 1. Open Microsoft Edge. It needs to run at least once after install to initalize componetns that would be used by Microsoft Intune.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open Microsoft Edge. It needs to run at least once after installation to initialize components that would be used by Microsoft Intune.
```
